DRIVERS-3207: Custom AWS credential providers execute earlier (#1838)
mongodb/specifications: source/auth/tests/mongodb-aws.md

Token=AQoDYXdzEJr...<remainder of security token>
```

## Testing custom credential providers

If the driver supports custom AWS credential providers, the driver MUST test the following:

Scenarios 1-6 from the previous section with a user provided `AWS_CREDENTIAL_PROVIDER` auth mechanism property. This

> value MAY be the default credential provider from the AWS SDK. If the default provider does not cover all scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
credentials MAY be obtained from the default credential provider from the AWS SDK. If the default provider does not cover all scenarios
```

I expect a test would need to wrap the default credential provider to track if the provider was called.

above, those not covered MAY be skipped. In these tests the driver MUST also assert that the user provided credential
provider was called in each test. This may be via a custom function or object that wraps the calls to the custom
provider and asserts that it was called at least once. For test scenarios where the drivers tools scripts put the
credentials in the MONGODB_URI, drivers MAY extract the credentials from the URI and return the AWS credentials directly
from the custom provider instead of using the AWS SDK default provider.

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding test cases that would fail without this change: test the custom provider is chosen after URI and before environment variables: 

```
### Case 1: Works
(... happy-path tests of scenarios 1-6 above ...)

### Case 2: Chosen after URI

Create a `MongoClient` configured with AWS auth and credentials in the URI. Example: `mongodb://<AccessKeyId>:<SecretAccessKey>@localhost:27017/?authMechanism=MONGODB-AWS`

Configure a custom credential provider to pass valid AWS credentials. The provider must track if it was called.

Expect authentication to succeed and the custom credential provider was *not* called.

### Case 2: Chosen before environment

Run this test in an environment with AWS credentials configured as environment variables (e.g. `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, and `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`)

Create a `MongoClient` configured to use AWS auth. Example: `mongodb://localhost:27017/?authMechanism=MONGODB-AWS`. 

Configure a custom credential provider to pass valid AWS credentials. The provider must track if it was called.

Expect authentication to succeed and the custom credential provider was called.

```

Author: Updated per suggestion.
